For a fully automated build process execute the build.sh bash script located in
the scripts folder. For information about proper usage execute "./build.sh -h".

We currently supply a native linux build and a windows cross-compilation build
via mingw-64 under linux. There is also 64 bit and a 32 bit compile option.

Additionally there is a web build via emscripten. Bitness parameters still must
be supplied though they are then completely ignored.

Note: When compiling the linux32 version it will break your 64 bit sdl2 dev libs
      so make sure to reinstall sdl2 afterwards to avoid hiccups later on.
      
Warning: If you use this repository as a template project, Github unfortunately
         fails to handle Submodules. This means you have to add the correct
         version of the RawSalmonEngine manually as a Submodule before starting.

Scripts located in ./scripts folder:

fetch_dev_dependencies.sh : Installls needed dependencies for compilation of the
                            project via aptitude

fetch_dependencies.sh     : Installs dependencies for end users who whish to run
                            the engine or applications built with the library
                            
fetch_emscripten.sh       : Downloads and installs the latest emscripten sdk
                            into the emsdk directory at root level
                            
fetch_emscripten_deps.sh  : Builds emscripten versions of dependencies needed
                            for which now official emscripten port exists.
                            libb64 and tinyxml2 are built into emscripten_deps
                            directory at root

compile.sh                : Compiles the project inside a build folder at
                            project root level

pack_artifacts.sh         : Packs the compiled artifacts and supplementary files
                            into an archive at project root level

clean_up.sh               : Deletes the build folder

build.sh                  : Executes all build scripts in order to emit an
                            archive with all files needed for a release
